what is up everybody this is add Rob and
today for you guys I have 10 creepy and
rare images from five nights at Freddy's
2 that you probably haven't seen before
so without further ado here we go
so this first picture of chica chilling
out in one of the party rooms is not
rare per se it's just the fact that
you're not looking at the cameras long
enough to see her in there she doesn't
go in the room too often and most the
times when you're in the camera you're
winding up the music box
and similarly old chica ghost the same
exact spot about as often as new chica
does speaking of the old chica in this
picture she's leaning out from where she
usually is a little off-camera there but
she is ready to go and ready to come
right to your office similarly if you
catch all the animatronics outside of
the storage room and foxy is not ready
to charge down the middle you can find
him occasionally chilling out in the
backstage room and the last picture
taking place in the storage room is the
ghost of Freddy this appears very rarely
and is actually believed to be an easter
egg as you can actually cause it to
happen but that doesn't change the fact
that is unbelievably creepy here we can
see old Freddy back in action in one of
the party rooms staring right into the
camera
now you rarely see Freddy on camera at
all let alone moving around at night and
here's a fantastic shot of one of the
most mysterious animatronics ever as we
don't even know who this is this is just
the exoskeleton of one of the
animatronics and you can find it lurking
around in the mannequins room as well as
in the air ducts next to your office
both these images are incredibly rare
and you're not likely to see them
anytime soon
just like old Freddy new Freddy moves
around very rarely is rarely caught on
camera at all so it's extremely special
when you find him in the same room as
Balloon Boy who usually leaves about
three seconds after the start of the
game now it's not unbelievably rare to
see golden Freddy in five nights at
Freddy's 2 actually it's quite common
however you usually see him in your
office not down the hall as a hollow
head screaming at you
and this tops off my list of 10 rare and
creepy images that you can find in five
nights at Freddy's 2 so I hope you found
this list interesting if you did
remember it leave a thumbs up down below
to show your support and tell me which
one of these you thought was most creepy
and which one of these you have actually
seen before so if you enjoyed the video
or found it interesting please hit the
thumbs up button down below to show your
support and if you enjoy my videos and
you have not yet done so please consider
subscribing it would mean a lot till
next time I'm a durab peace